>> Jon Kuperman: The third
exercise is a screen reader one.
So basically what I would
maybe challenge you to do,
if you have headphones,
you could download ChromeVox and
actually do it listening to it with
your screen dimmed all the way.
That would be like the super challenge
mode, can you fill out the whole form?
If you don't have headphones, though,
feel free to just have ChromeVox
on with your laptop muted and
it'll read everything, it'll print
everything out in the bottom left.
And so the idea here,
let me go over to my project, is we've
got this screen reader example, so we've
got the sign up for our mailing list.
And so what we want, first I guess,
turn on the screen reader and
identify why this would be challenging
to fill out for non sighted users.
And then kind of going through,
covering just the stuff that we covered.
And make it so that it can be filled
out by an non sighted user with just
a screen reader.
Additionally if you're on a Mac, which
I see many of the people in person are,
you don't have to download ChromeVox
if you just wanna turn on VoiceOver and
try that instead,
which is built into your Macs.
But totally up to you,
ChromeVox is just nice cuz it's free and
everybody can use it.